now that we're integrating them into the
compound one of the most important
aspects is obviously being on display
here where the public can see them and
part of that is just getting them
introduced and and used to the big pool
that we have we're gonna see if we can
take them for one of their very first
proper swims it's going to be a brand
new experience for spot and stripe and
it could be overwhelming you never quite
know as they're how they're going to go
for their first time straightaway jars
can see a difference in how the Cubs
react to being near the water spot is
actually much more confident in the
water than his brother stripe and stripe
isn't so confident sometimes I just
think it's a personality Tigers are the
one exception in the big cat family
along with Jack you is that you know
really do enjoy the water
Tigers are incredibly powerful swimmers
they have these huge paws that actually
when they spread their tails about this
way Ben if you like in between their
toes so effectively what you've got is
you've got this big powerhouse of a unit
and on the end of their legs they got
these paddles but since some of the
habitat you'll find them they can island
hop from from place to place or swim
across big rivers and and say what is
not a problem
stripes still too nervous to take the
plunge
he needs some gentle encouragement from
Giles
I was incredible wasn't it just how
confident were they even jumping in the
water right they're just naturally these
guys are gonna be water babies for sure
don't jump into the water if you're
being chased by a tiger or climb a tree
all you got to do is just run faster
than the slowest person in your group
okay in fact the Cubs have already
started to develop a behavior that you
really wouldn't want to face in the wild
or in the garden if you're the family
dog
they're honing their stalking skills I
was going in for the kill Caesar will
buy in he's got to buy as young cubs
like this things instinctively stalk
each other and they stalk mum because
it's all good training for obviously
ultimately when they're gonna need it
they go out on their own in the wild and
start making their own kill
[Music]
you